= custom_error_message

This plugin gives you the option to not have your custom validation error message
prefixed with the attribute name. Ordinarily, if you have, say:

    validates_acceptance_of :accepted_terms, :message => 'Please accept the terms of service'

You'll get the following error message:

    Accepted terms Please accept the terms of service

This plugin allows you to omit the attribute name for specific messages. All you have to do
is begin the message with a '^' character. Example:

    validates_acceptance_of :accepted_terms, :message => '^Please accept the terms of service'

The plugin also lets you use procs instead of strings. Example:

    validates_acceptance_of :accepted_terms, :message => Proc.new {|service| "You must accept the terms of the service #{service.name}" }

== Detail

Redefines method:
 
 ActiveRecord::Errors::full_messages

 Returns all the full error messages in an array. 'Base' messages are handled as usual.
 Non-base messages are prefixed with the attribute name as usual UNLESS they begin with '^'
 in which case the attribute name is omitted.

== Source

http://github.com/nwise/custom-error-message/tree

== Contributing to custom_error_message
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Nathan Wise. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

